
      tag="Guidelines for the Definition of Managed Objects:1996"/>
                                                                 ^
listall.xml:818: element s: validity error : ID iso-iec-11172-3 already defined
d audio for digital storage media at up to about 1, 5 Mbit/s; PCM Part 3: audio"
                                                                               ^
listall.xml:1041: element s: validity error : ID iso-iec-10918-4 already defined
      type="s2"/>
               ^
listall.xml:1296: element s: validity error : ID iso-iec-12087-5 already defined
      type="s2"/>
               ^
listall.xml:1553: element s: validity error : ID ietf-rfc1542 already defined
      type="pr"/>
               ^
listall.xml:1584: element s: validity error : ID ietf-rfc2821 already defined
   <s id="ietf-rfc2821" tag="Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP)" type="pr"/>
                                                                            ^
listall.xml:1587: element s: validity error : ID ietf-rfc1870 already defined
      type="pr"/>
               ^
listall.xml:1610: element s: validity error : ID ietf-rfc1305 already defined
      type="pr"/>
               ^
listall.xml:1793: element s: validity error : ID ietf-rfc1812 already defined
   <s id="ietf-rfc1812" tag="Requirements for IP Version 4 Routers" type="pr"/>
                                                                             ^
listall.xml:1880: element s: validity error : ID ietf-rfc791 already defined
      type="pr"/>
               ^
listall.xml:1960: element s: validity error : ID ietf-rfc3418 already defined
      type="pr"/>
               ^
listall.xml:2115: element s: validity error : ID w3c-rec-xmlschema-0-20010502 already defined
 id="w3c-rec-xmlschema-0-20010502" tag="XML Schema Part 1: Structures" type="pr"
                                                                               ^
listall.xml:2116: element s: validity error : ID w3c-rec-xmlschema-0-20010502 already defined
s id="w3c-rec-xmlschema-0-20010502" tag="XML Schema Part 2: Datatypes" type="pr"
                                                                               ^
listall.xml:712: element s: validity error : ID iso-iec-10165-4 already defined
listall.xml:818: element s: validity error : ID iso-iec-11172-3 already defined
listall.xml:1041: element s: validity error : ID iso-iec-10918-4 already defined
listall.xml:1296: element s: validity error : ID iso-iec-12087-5 already defined
listall.xml:1553: element s: validity error : ID ietf-rfc1542 already defined
listall.xml:1584: element s: validity error : ID ietf-rfc2821 already defined
listall.xml:1587: element s: validity error : ID ietf-rfc1870 already defined
listall.xml:1610: element s: validity error : ID ietf-rfc1305 already defined
listall.xml:1793: element s: validity error : ID ietf-rfc1812 already defined
listall.xml:1880: element s: validity error : ID ietf-rfc791 already defined
listall.xml:1960: element s: validity error : ID ietf-rfc3418 already defined
listall.xml:2115: element s: validity error : ID w3c-rec-xmlschema-0-20010502 already defined
listall.xml:2116: element s: validity error : ID w3c-rec-xmlschema-0-20010502 already defined
Document listall.xml does not validate
